Documentation/swagger (#185)
meateam/api-gateway: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [v2.2.0] - 2020-11-9

### Added

- Swagger documentation 

>   - Naw can go to /api/docs and see the documentation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Now you can go to /api/docs and see the documentation 
```
